Sdk refactoring simple helpers (#123)
paraswap/paraswap-sdk: README.md

## Using ParaSwap SDK

There are multiple ways to use ParaSwap SDK, ranging from simple construct-and-use approach to a fully composable _bring what you need_ way that allows for advanced tree-shaking a minimizes bundle size.

### Simple SDK

> Can be created by providing `network` and either `axios` or `window.fetch` (or alternative `fetch` implemetation). Resulting SDK will be able to use all methoda that query the API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Can be created by providing `network` and either `axios` or `window.fetch` (or alternative `fetch` implementation). Resulting SDK will be able to use all methods that query the API.
```

```ts
  import { constructSimpleSDK } from '@paraswap/sdk'
  import axios from 'axios'

  // construct minimal SDK with fetcher only
  const paraSwapMin = constructSimpleSDK({network: 1, axios})
  // or
  const paraSwapMin = constructSimpleSDK({network: 1, fetch: window.fetch})

  async function swapExample() {
    const signer: JsonRpcSigner = ...
    const senderAddress = signer.address

    const priceRoute = await paraSwapMin.getRate({
      srcToken: ETH,

>       destToken: DAI,

Reviewer 2: perhaps [define](https://github.com/paraswap/paraswap-sdk/blob/sdk-refactoring_simple_helpers/tests/simple.test.ts#L28-L29) these above or stringify (eg `'ETH'` `'DAI'`) to leave no uncertainty for the user/dev.

Author: Done [ab6bf97](https://github.com/paraswap/paraswap-sdk/pull/123/commits/ab6bf976a5130b611ea55eaca64bb08f46fbef55)

      amount: srcAmount,
      userAddress: senderAddress,
      side: SwapSide.SELL,
    });

    const txParams = await paraSwapMin.buildTx(
      {
        srcToken,
        destToken,
        srcAmount,
        destAmount,
        priceRoute,
        userAddress: senderAddress,
        partner: referrer,
      },
      { ignoreChecks: true }
    );

    const transaction = {
      ...txParams,
      gasPrice: '0x' + new BigNumber(txParams.gasPrice).toString(16),
      gasLimit: '0x' + new BigNumber(5000000).toString(16),
      value: '0x' + new BigNumber(txParams.value).toString(16),
    };

    const txr = await signer.sendTransaction(transaction);
  }

  async function approveTokenYourselfExample() {
    const TransferProxy = await paraSwapMin.getSpender()

    const DAI_CONTRACT = new ethers.Contract(DAI, ERC20_ABI, ethersSignerOrProvider)

    const tx = await DAI_CONTRACT.approve(TransferProxy, amountInWei)

    const txReceipt = await tx.wait(1)
  }

```

> If additionally provided `providerOptions` as the second parameter, the resulting SDK will also be able to approve Tokens for swap.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If optional `providerOptions` is provided as the second parameter, then the resulting SDK will also be able to approve Tokens for swap.
```
